At first, the professor scowled with concern, but then he said, "That's all right. Run to my house and tell my wife to give you one of my shirts." Mrs. Esputa quickly fetched one of her husband's white shirts. However, when Philip put it on, she began to exclaim, "Oh, dear! Gracious!" The shirt was so large that Philip was almost lost in it. Hastily, Mrs. Esputa found a box of pins. In a twinkling, her nimble fingers pinned enough tucks in the shirt to make it fit Philip. They both heaved a big sigh of relief when the job was finished. Then, free from anxiety, Philip hurried back to the school. The concert finally began, and soon it was time for Philip's performance. He stood up, placed the violin under his chin, and raised his bow. With horror, he felt a pin pulling loose in the back of his shirt. But he recalled how many pins had been inserted in the shirt and thought, "Losing one won't matter." Philip started to play. At first, his right arm moved back and forth slowly, then more swiftly. Before long, the pins that were holding his collar pulled out. The loose, large shirt collar began to creep up the back of Philip's head. Then the unruly sleeves grew looser and longer. Suddenly, the shirt fell away from his neck. The audience began to laugh. In embarrassed confusion, Philip forgot what he was playing and stopped completely. The disaster so upset him that he rushed off the stage and sulked in a dark corner. Fighting back tears, he mumbled gloomily, "I wish I were dead." Refreshments were served after the concert, but Philip was too busy to have any. He mingled with the crowd as quickly as he could, hoping to avoid Mr. Esputa. After a wistful look at the ice cream, Philip was about to slink out when a booming voice behind him scoffed, "Well, Philip, you made a nice mess of it." Philip turned and found himself face to face with his glowering teacher. With no sympathy for poor Philip, Mr. Esputa continued unreasonably, "No refreshments for you! You shouldn't have spent the day playing ball. You should have been preparing for the important work of the evening. You ought to be ashamed!" Philip hung his head, sighed heavily, and trudged home. The incident had such an impression on him that he always remembered it. He never tried to mix work and play again. Now we have developed robots that are much more complicated than any other machines we have ever had. They are complex enough to perform tasks that until now only human beings could do, but that are too simple for our marvelous brains. The robots, even though they are smarter than other machines, are still only capable of very simple tasks - the kind of tasks human beings should not waste their time doing. In that case, why not let the robots do it? Why shouldn't human beings do other and better things? After all, whenever there is an important new invention, some jobs are lost. When the automobile came into use, there was a gradual but steady loss of jobs that involved horses. There were fewer stables, fewer manufacturers of buggies and wagons, fewer whips, and fewer spurs. On the other hand, think of the jobs the automobile created. Think of all the garages that came into being, all the auto mechanics needed, all the tire manufacturing, highway building, and oil well drilling. Automobiles created hundreds of times as many jobs as they destroyed. That's the way it will be with robots too. Lots of assembly-line jobs will vanish, but think of all the jobs needed to design robots, manufacture their parts, assemble them, install them, and keep them in good repair. There will be many times as many jobs coming into being as are destroyed. The jobs that are destroyed will be very dull ones anyway, so dull that even a robot can do them. The jobs that will be created will be interesting ones that will stretch the mind. Of course, there is a catch. We can't just tell a person who has been working on an assembly line for twenty-five years to stop and take a job designing robots instead. It takes a special kind of education to be able to work with robots, and an assembly-line worker won't have it. If we are going to have a large changeover in types of jobs, there will have to be a careful program of retraining and reeducation for people with old-style jobs. It will have to be done even if they take rather simple new-style ones. That will be expensive and hard, but it will have to be done. There are also sure to be people who are too old or too beaten down by the dull job they had to do all their lives to be able to take advantage of retraining. Some sort of jobs will have to be found that they can do. Eventually, of course, things will be different. Children going to schools in the future will be educated in ways that involve using and understanding computers and robots. They will grow up and be able to take the new jobs, and no one will ever consider the old jobs or want them. Studying is the main source of knowledge. Books are indeed never-failing friends of man. For a mature mind, reading is the greatest source of pleasure and solace for distressed minds. The study of good books ennobles us and broadens our outlook. Therefore, the habit of reading should be cultivated. A student should never confine himself to his schoolbooks only. He should not miss the pleasure locked in the classics, poetry, drama, history, philosophy, etc. We can benefit from the experiences of others with the help of books. The various sufferings, endurance, and joy described in books enable us to have a closer look at human life. They also inspire us to face the hardships of life courageously. Nowadays, there are innumerable books and time is scarce. So we should read only the best and greatest among them. With the help of books, we will be able to mature our thinking and make our lives more meaningful and worthwhile. A teacher is called the builder of the nation. The profession of teaching requires individuals with qualities of both head and heart. There are many teachers in our school, and a large number of them are highly qualified. I have great respect for all of them. Yet, I have a special liking for Miss Y. Miss Y is a woman of great principles and is a jewel among all the teachers. Almost all the students respect her. She teaches us English and is quite proficient in this subject. She takes a keen interest in teaching students. Simple living and high thinking are her motto. She has a sweet temper and is always ready to help in difficulties. She treats us like her own brothers and sisters. She is an ideal teacher, and her qualities of head and heart have endeared her to the students and teachers alike. She is a true role model to emulate. May she live as long as there is sweet fragrance in the flowers?
